oh my god
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain awake this movie tells a
story of a young man who experiences
intraoperative awareness while
undergoing surgery can he survive this
situation let's find out unawake
awake begins by showing a doctor named
jack harper who looks guilty for failing
to perform a heart transplant operation
on a friend
this story is pulled to a few days
before the operation was performed there
is a man named clay with his girlfriend
named sam
unfortunately clay has a heart problem
clayton and sam's relationship is not
approved by clay's mother whose name is
lilith the reason lilith didn't like sam
was that she is a mate in their house
one morning sam drove clay to his
mother's house she also asked clay to
tell his mother about their relationship
sam just wanted some certainty but it
turns out that clay still hesitates to
tell his mother about their love he knew
that his mother would never approve of
their relationship one afternoon clay
met his best friend who is a surgeon his
name is jack
they both look close when fishing
together during a visit to the hospital
jack tells clay that there are many
malpractice issues in the city that's
because there were several failures in
the operation that made the doctor's
image bad
jack asked clay to sleep on an operating
table and he began to explain the
procedure that clay will undergo during
the operation jack also warns clay that
there is a possibility that this
operation will not succeed so clay must
be prepared if he might not survive the
process jack also asked clay to tell his
mother about his relationship with sam
he should have married sam before the
operation took place
when leaving the hospital claire runs
into sam but he pretended not to see sam
because his mother was waiting for him
in the car
in the car it turned out that lilith was
with another doctor named dr nair it
turned out that lilith and dr nair had
been friends for a long time dr nair is
one of the most famous surgeons lilith
tries to persuade clay to be operated on
by dr nair but it seems klate russ jack
better
sam tired of the lack of clarity in
their relationship finally decided to
leave in the pouring rain clay tries to
chase and persuade sam
finally clay decides to tell his mother
about their relationship sure enough
lilith was furious to hear about clay
and sam's relationship but clay chose
sam over his mom and left
when he was outside the house suddenly
clay's heart had problems sam
immediately took out a bottle of
medicine from her bag that's when clay
finally asked sam to marry him that very
night
the two then marry in the church in the
presence of jack
finally the day clay's heart transplant
surgery has arrived clay and sam arrived
at the hospital jack was with his
colleague named dr putnam and a nurse
named penny
lilith came to the hospital and tried to
persuade clay to be operated on by dr
nair but clay insists that he chooses
jack to operate on him
clay is finally taken to the operating
room by jack
in the operating room suddenly another
doctor named dr larry appears dr larry
admitted that he had come to replace one
of their colleagues who were unable to
come
the operation started the doctors began
injecting an anesthetic drug into clay's
body and put him to sleep
but in the middle of his immovable body
strangely clay can still feel his body
he could even still hear clearly when
the doctors were talking around him as
if only his body could not be moved but
in fact he was still conscious clay
tried hard to tell the doctors about his
condition but he couldn't speak or move
his body because of the anesthetic
injected into his body
finally jack started to dissect clay's
chest and clay could feel excruciating
pain there
outside the operating room lilith and
sam waited tensely suddenly a male nurse
came and approached sam
the nurse said that he thought he knew
sam
but sam chased the nurse away while
showing her wedding ring the nurse left
in the operating room dr larry decided
to take a rest and get some drinks
outside
unexpectedly it turns out that jack and
his other colleagues are working
together to commit malpractice to clay
unexpectedly they were about to kill
clay
clay wrapped in his paralyzed body
didn't expect to hear all that he
panicked and tried to get up until
finally he managed to release all the
medical equipment and got up but it
turned out that what woke up was only
clay's mind while his body was still
lying on the operating bed
clay then tries to solve all these
puzzles why did jack and his comrades
want to kill him
clay began to explore his past meanwhile
sam and lilith start to panic because
they haven't heard about clay's
condition sam decided to ask one of the
doctors there dr larry says clay will be
fine but strangely sam said that dr
larry was not a doctor at the hospital
and how could he possibly be the doctor
in charge of clay's surgery
sam decided to go into clay's operating
room clay trying to trace his past heard
sam's voice from behind his operating
room clay was trying hard to code sam if
the doctors were trying to kill him
unexpectedly sam turns out to be part of
jack's team it turns out that sam and
jack are working together to kill clay
so she can take control of all his
wealth that's why she tried so hard to
mold clay to marry her soon when clay
dies sam will control the entire clay
family fortune actually sam used to work
at the hospital as a nurse that's why
the male nurse seemed to know sam claire
really didn't think he would make such a
big mistake he should have listened to
his mother
then clay began to feel excruciating
pain in his heart it turned out that the
doctors started removing clay's heart to
be replaced with a new heart
unexpectedly sam was in the operating
room and injected poison into the new
heart so clay will definitely die no
matter what
when the new heart was inserted into his
body clay ended up experiencing heart
failure
jack and the others started acting like
they were about to lose clay
dr larry who saw it did not expect that
their operation would fail dr larry was
trying hard to help clay
in his world clay is sure that he will
die
jack then decides to go to lilith and
sam to tell them if clay's surgery
failed jack started acting and showed an
expression full of regret for failing to
operate on clay's heart lilith wept and
couldn't believe she was going to lose
her only son
moreover from the beginning she did not
believe in jack
that's when dr larry came and told
lilith that clay was actually still
alive
it's just that his heart is damaged and
they need a new heart currently he is
supported by machines to survive but
even though they have a lot of money
they can't find a suitable heart because
clay's blood types are very rare
in his world clay suddenly found his
mother it turns out that lilith decided
to follow clay
lilith turned out to be taking clay's
heart medicine with such a large dose
that she experienced heart failure and
fainted
that's when dr nayer arrived and tried
to save lilith and clay's life lilith
was then taken to the operating room for
surgery it turns out that lilith
sacrificed herself to save clay she gave
her heart to clay because they couldn't
find another heart that could save clay
unexpectedly before taking clay's heart
medicine from sam's bag lilith found
some letters showing sam as a former
nurse in that hospital she then told dr
neher about jack's evil plans to kill
clay she knows sam is part of jack's
crime
jack who realized that his crime had
been caught decided to run away when
doctors putnam and penny were about to
run away the two met dr larry it turned
out that dr larry was already with a
policeman who immediately arrested the
two
dr neher then worked hard to transfer
lilith's heart into clay's body he is
sure he can save clay's life
on the other hand sam and jack start to
panic because their crimes have been
caught however sam tries to escape
because she is sure that only jack will
be caught but jack reminded her that the
person who injected the poison into
clay's heart was sam and she definitely
left her fingerprints on the injection
now sam knows she can't escape from the
police
finally dr neher managed to move
lilith's heart into clay's body but in
the middle of the operation suddenly
clay experienced heart failure again it
turned out that clay had lost hope in
his world and decided it would be better
if he died moreover he did not want to
live without his mother he believed that
he could not be like his father a great
man he was very proud of that's when
lilith was forced to reveal the true
identity of clay's father lilith then
took clay to his childhood memories it
turns out that clay's father used to be
a very rude person and always beat
lilith and clay until one christmas eve
his father was about to beat clay and
lilith couldn't let that happen lilith
hit her husband's head with an iron and
killed him
to make clay not traumatized by the
incident lilith lied that his father was
a good man
clay finally realized with all his
mother's sacrifices and decided to wake
up from his coma
in the operating room the doctors saw a
miracle because clay's heart started
beating
meanwhile sam tried to escape but was
caught by the police
clay finally wakes up from his coma and
the film ends
[Music]
it